but with days we go back he did not give me
the more they earned bringing what is this a
boxing of this monitor
that yesterday you buy me is a lot and a
23 inch monitor as you can see
here a 23-inch moment is full
hd is led this kind of answers of 5
millisecond I think it's this slim
has a bunch of colors
and good not
and if it cost me 2000
290 2,290 the purchase by mercadolibre
I was commenting on this brand that is said
what is hp and if I say is also hp
it looks a lot like the hp here is thrown
I do not know but he told me that the trailers of
US and customs every time they pass
a hp comes out more expensive because of taxes
the brand of hp
then they put this mark on you
this
and he also told me if you want having
the logos
but I said you are not much more
on the one hand from behind back and the same and
well I'll start to get forgiveness if
it looks a little bad and here I just do not have
camera rags
they say everything being here
a cameraman and the return to the monitor
I can say
but that also be heard well I'm
recording with what is the requirement 3
look let's see this in here we highlight
and the payer charger and cable d
it's called the cable
dv undue of life I do not remember how
it works this pinche cabré
What are you saying
does not say
the ribbon to consider good the graph
and it's the classic of computers and
you know the monitor this monitor has
entry has I bought it for that reason to
to play
here we have your base
I do not know if you remember that I had done before
in boxing of otto pins and monkeys that was
19-inch project do not buy this
of 23 this machine where is the
another base
what your charger
this entry
charger
we have equals of that type this
type for
is similar to those of the recorders
We have what is beautiful and sexy
monitor
counter is very good
leave them sack
they give us
They are not pretty chicken as you can see
here has what are three buttons for
what are they?
It has three buttons and to configure it
no longer has four and four buttons
the power
Now let's give what is the part
behind
today one who hides in the link of
where I buy it so they can see me
it came out super cheap
and we're going to see the width
I was super thin
we are going to contain it
sorry because we are seeing in the
camera could but as I said no
I have
I did not have to look for them to see that
if it is hp dell account
let's remove this mother
of the mother one removes the letters of hp
hp
and it is so that in customs they do not charge them
what is the VAT of the brand
everything is taken , the frame is not removed
they take it from you
it's going out
come on come on
If there are so to the standard
the hp logo
and as you can see we have the ones that are
four entries
this is the entry for the charger for
have power input hdmi input
dvi I think this is from bg this is from
come since I already remembered
this is where the support goes, the wise is
a plastic to cover it says they have
like that same metallic black very cool
and good gang this I'm going to ride
he came back
but we are also back look
that's how my mac is here is the
people
more or less
when you are big comparative my
soul that is 27 inch monitors
2. 3
there you can see it with your fucking music
out here let's learn it
if you do not give us watt uruguay well and
We learned to turn on the blue button
then let's go here says there's no
signal in yuma let's have what is the
xbox
and I think I have to learn the combo
and I learned the lady that I turned on what is
this
this sensual sexy monitor
so for that we are
this pretty sexy girl
very cool gang and well that was all
I hope you liked this little one
boxing what is this a monitor of
23 inches very sexy and good we up
the next gang remember to comment
favorite give me a like and take care
gangs until then
bye